update README (#515)
ome/omero-figure: README.rst

	$ grunt watch

Local install
*************

You need an `omero-web` environment. You can either install it locally or use Docker (see below).
To install locally, we recommend that you use `conda` to install `omero-py` as described 
at https://github.com/ome/omero-py and then perform a developer install of `omero-figure`
which will include `omero-web`:

::

    $ cd omero-figure
    $ pip install -e .

See instructions at https://omero.readthedocs.io/en/latest/developers/Web/Deployment.html
for running the development server.

Using Docker
************

It is also possible to develop figure in docker without installing anything locally.
The Docker image is built on top of ``openmicroscopy/omero-web-standalone:latest``, so you will have a fully functional
omero-web environment while developing ``omero-figure``. 
First build the Docker image and specify the server you wish to connect to:

::

   $ docker build -t figure-devel .

>    $ export HOST=demo.openmicroscopy.org

Reviewer: Maybe use `OMEROHOST=` here?

Author: Thx, done

To develop ``omero-figure`` you can either make all the changes within the Docker container itself by running:
::

>     $ docker run -ti -e OMEROHOST=$HOST -p 4080:4080 figure-devel

Reviewer: If this is defined as `$OMEROHOST` above, then you only need:

`...-ti -e OMEROHOST -p ...`

	$ grunt watch

Local install
*************

You need an `omero-web` environment. You can either install it locally or use Docker (see below).
To install locally, we recommend that you use `conda` to install `omero-py` as described 
at https://github.com/ome/omero-py and then perform a developer install of `omero-figure`
which will include `omero-web`:

::

    $ cd omero-figure
    $ pip install -e .

See instructions at https://omero.readthedocs.io/en/latest/developers/Web/Deployment.html
for running the development server.

Using Docker
************

> It is also possible to develop figure in docker without installing anything locally.

Reviewer 2: This is obviously not true. After consultaion, I understand that you have to install both npm and grunt.

Author: Tweaked this in f35ae2e

> It is also possible to develop figure in docker without installing anything locally.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is also possible to develop figure in docker without installing omero-web or omero-figure locally.
```

The Docker image at ``omero-figure/Dockerfile`` is built on top of
`openmicroscopy/omero-web-standalone:latest <https://hub.docker.com/r/openmicroscopy/omero-web-standalone>`_,
so you will have a fully functional omero-web environment while developing ``omero-figure``. 
First build the Docker image and specify the server you wish to connect to:

::

   $ cd omero-figure
   $ docker build -t figure-devel .
   $ export OMEROHOST=demo.openmicroscopy.org

> The preferred option is to mount the repository containing the omero-figure code. You can make the changes locally and run `grunt watch`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The preferred option is to mount the repository containing the omero-figure code. For this, you need to install locally ``npm`` and ``grunt`` as described above. You can make the changes locally and run `grunt watch`
```

as described above and see changes in the docker container. To do so, run:
::

>     $ docker run -ti -e OMEROHOST -p 4080:4080  -v /PATH_TO_GIT_REPO/omero-figure:/home/figure/src figure-devel

Reviewer 2: This one needs npm and grunt, which is not clear at all.

>     $ docker run -ti -e OMEROHOST -p 4080:4080  -v /PATH_TO_GIT_REPO/omero-figure:/home/figure/src figure-devel

Author: Fixed in [6b9416e](https://github.com/ome/omero-figure/pull/515/commits/6b9416e06c5597221ca19bc26efdea973fc278e6)

>     $ docker run -ti -e OMEROHOST -p 4080:4080  -v /PATH_TO_GIT_REPO/omero-figure:/home/figure/src figure-devel

Reviewer 2: After installing npm and grunt locally, works as expected.

Alternatively, to run and develop ``omero-figure`` within the Docker container itself:
::

>     $ docker run -ti -e OMEROHOST -p 4080:4080 figure-devel

Reviewer 2: same error as in https://github.com/ome/omero-figure/pull/515/files#r1425713166

Reviewer 2: This workflow is fine if the correct docker image is used. npm and grunt locally not needed. No need to reformulate.

for running the development server.

Using Docker
************

It is also possible to develop figure in docker without creating a python environment locally.
The Docker image at ``omero-figure/Dockerfile`` is built on top of
`openmicroscopy/omero-web-standalone:latest <https://hub.docker.com/r/openmicroscopy/omero-web-standalone>`_,
so you will have a fully functional omero-web environment while developing ``omero-figure``.
This Docker image includes OMERO.figure. You can either replace this with a link to your local ``omero-figure`` repo
or you can use the Docker copy of OMERO.figure for development.

In either case, start by building the Docker image and specify the server you wish to connect to:

::

   $ cd omero-figure
   $ docker build -t figure-devel .
   $ export OMEROHOST=demo.openmicroscopy.org

To use your local ``omero-figure`` repo for development, you can mount this in place of the Docker ``omero-figure``.
You'll need `npm` and `grunt` installed locally and run `grunt watch` during development as described above.
You can refresh the Docker hosted page at http://localhost:4080/figure to see changes:

::

    $ cd /PATH_TO_GIT_REPO/omero-figure
    $ grunt build

>     $ grunt watch   # to see updates

Reviewer 2: This needs a separate terminal. 
Grunt watch is blocking the terminal, so the ``docker run ...`` cmd below must be run in a separate one.

Author: Done in 2659ac00

    $ cd /PATH_TO_GIT_REPO/omero-figure
    $ grunt build
    $ grunt watch   # to see updates

>     # in a different terminal...

Reviewer 2: In the cmd below you are using the OMEROHOST variable which was defined in the previous terminal. Maybe move the OMEROHOST definition to here instead ?

Author: @pwalczysko instead, I switched the order you launch these so that `grunt` is in a different terminal and you launch docker first in the terminal that does have OMEROHOST - see a6940e16
